Updated health check docs (#898)
docker/compose-cli: docs/aci-compose-features.md

## Healthchecks

> Healthchecks can be described in the `healthcheck` section in the service. It translates to `LivenessProbe` in ACI. By that, the container is terminated if it becomes unhealthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A health check can be described in the `healthcheck` section of each service. This is translated to a `LivenessProbe` in ACI. If the health check fails then the container is considered unhealthy and terminated.
```

> In order to restart automatically, the container also need to have a restart policy not set to "none"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the container to be restarted automatically, the service needs to have a restart policy other than `none` to be set. Note that the default restart policy if one isn't set is `any`.
```
